\" .so ditroff.head
.TH BEG 1 "GMD-Karlsruhe"
.SH NAME
beg \-  Back End Generator 
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBBeg \fR
[\fI-onthefly\fR] [\fI-test\fR] [\fI-RegNameTable\fR] [\fI-IRConsCheck\fR]
\fIinput\fR  \fIoutput-directory
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Beg
takes a Code Generator Description 
and translates it into several Modula-2 modules.
They are
put into the \fIoutput-directory\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
Options may be proceeded by 'no' to be switched off.
.IP "\fB-onthefly\fR
BEG generates a register allocator using the 'on the fly'
register allocation method instead of using the general method.
Default is noonthefly.
.IP "\fB-test\fR 
BEG produces code to print test output. However
test output will be produced only if certain options
at run time are set. Default is notest.
.IP "\fB-RegNameTable\fR 
Generates RegTable into GcgBase.md. RegTable can be used
to print out register names in readable form. Default is RegNameTable.
.IP "\fB-IRConsCheck\fR 
Produce code to enforce type correctness of the intermediate
representation. Default is IRConsCheck.

.SH AUTHOR
BEG was developed by Helmut Emmelmann,
emmel@karlsruhe.gmd.dbp.de,
at GMD Forschungsstelle fuer Programmstrukturen
an der Universitaet Karlsruhe, Haid-und-Neu-Str. 7, 7500
Karlsruhe, Germany-West, 49-721-6622-0 
.SH SEE ALSO
H.Emmelmann, F-W.Schroeer, R.Landwehr:
BEG - a Generator for Efficient Back Ends,
Proceedings of the Sigplan'89 Conference on Programming 
Language Design and Implementation, Portland, Oregon, 1989,
Sigplan Notices, Vol. 24, Number 7, July 1989
.br
 
H.Emmelmann: BEG User Manual 
(available from GMD, comes with BEG)
.br
 
H.Emmelmann: Automatische Erzeugung effizienter Codegeneratoren
Diplomarbeit, GMD Studie 158, Gesellschaft fuer Mathematik
und Datenverarbeitung mbH - Sankt Augustin, ISBN 3-88457-158-3
(in German)

